Izuku the Reincarnated Chef - JoySeeker101 - Wattpad
Izuku the Reincarnated Chef
JoySeeker101
WpView
Reads 65,088
65,088
65K
WpVote
Votes 900
900
900
WpPart
Parts 41
41
41 parts
Start reading
WpAdd
WpMetadataRead
Ongoing
•
51h 19m
WpMetadataNotice
Last published Thu, Mar 12, 2026
WpInfo
Fanfic
•
My Hero Academia
Tags
adventure
bnha
chef
chefdeku
comedy
Or "How I came back from a Isekai and still can't have a quiet life!"

Due to Katsuki's wounded Ego, Izuku is blasted away as a "Thank you" for saving the blond's life from the Sludge Villain and ends in a year-long coma. Curiously, during that year Izuku is transported into another world where he lived a second life as Zaus, a Chef in a world where cooking and Ingredients rule supreme, and there following a new dream he rose up to become the "King of Chefs", followed by being forcefully turned into a Villain through brainwashing and a successive fall of grace. At the end of that life Izuku wakes-up from his Coma with memories from both Lives now co-existing inside him, along the skills of a Chef that surpassed human imagination. From there Izuku had an epiphany: IF he can't be a Hero, he will just be a Chef once again!...
Unfortunately he still was Midoriya Izuku: the greatest magnet for troubles on the planet, meaning that soon his "Unnatural" Skills will put him on the Radar of both Heroes and Villains.
"For God's sake! I just want to manage my Restaurant! Leave me alone!"
(Izuku Midoriya. Circa 2160).

I will post it here too, since there are already many versions of my story here, may as well put on the Original too.

Now with a TvTropes Page!
All Rights Reserved
Read more
#103
toriko
WpChevronRight
Join the largest storytelling community
Get personalized story recommendations, save your favourites to your library, and comment and vote to grow your community.
Sign up
You may also like
Feral (Vigilante Deku)
Everyone said he was untamable and not human like! His mother couldn't handle the pressure of a son that had such a unique quirk and gave him up. No one managed to cope with the wild little cinnamon roll and so he ended up in a mental hospital locked away or so they thought.

Little did they all know that Izuku was sneaking out nearly every night and doing the job of a dark hero. One that worked in the shadow of the night and never been seen before.

However, one day Aizawa and Nezu payed a visit to the exact same mental hospital because they got some lead about a group of villains that were after UA.

What will happen if Izuku breaks out once again and throws the whole hospital into chaos while two pro-heroes were in there?

Well let's find out!

A/N:
This is a mha fanstory hope you enjoy! Please also feel free to correct my bad writing.

Rights on the pictures go to the artist.
I do not own mha, rights to the owner.
WpPart
43 parts
Complete
No Love, Just InSaNiTy (Book 1)
Izuku Midoriya was bullied and looked upon as a waste of space for the majority of his life. It only got worse when everyone found out that he was quirkless. From then on the kind-hearted soul started to turn dark. He was given a chance to redeem himself and with this chance he plans to make Bakugo suffer the same way he made him suffer.  

This is basically a "what if" story of what would have happened if Izuku had never talked to All Might. This story progresses kind of slowly so it's going to be a bit long.

Will contain themes like suicide, depression, gore, etc. Read at your own risk!!!

Nothing belongs to me except the plot. So enjoy~
WpPart
33 parts
Complete
Despicable Deku. (A MHA x Despicable Me Fanfic)
Izuku been pushed around way to many times and has been bullied, scorned, and casted aside his entire life. Been told he can't amount to anything, and even told to kill himself. What people didn't know is that he was a natural super genius who had a great talent for creating and engineering, but nobody ever saw through his Quirklessness. Now armed with all kinds of super advanced technology and weapons, along with an army of yellow minions, he now plans on getting his revenge by becoming the world's ultimate villain! Oh, but there's one problem; after accidentally saving a white haired little girl, with a horn that can reverse time, who for some reason calls him papa, as well as three other children who look up to him as a sort of father figure. He asks himself, if he could truly be a villain, even thought he always wanted to be a hero?


My Hero Academia along with Despicable Me and it's characters are owned by Kohei Horikoshi and Illumination studios and Universal. Cover art also isn't mine. It may be silly, but it's the best one I could find most fitting for this fic.

(Art cover credited to Wabby Jane on Tumblr)
WpPart
19 parts
Running late.... as always....
Late again? Yes... what else... heroes are not on time either but for a multiple part timer it meant everything to be on time. There was a reason Izuku Midoriya took up soo many part time jobs. He simply needed the money for himself thanks to his stupid parents mistake. 

Oh well as if he could change the past. Now he has to live with that mistake and pray that he would get it fixed one day. 

Little did he know that that day may come sooner rather than later thanks to that one babysitting job he took upon.

A/N:
This is a mha fanstory hope you enjoy! Please also feel free to correct my bad writing.

Rights on the pictures go to the artist.
I do not own mha, rights to the owner.
WpPart
25 parts
Complete
Good Enough?!
Izuku Midoriya had enough from life, everyone was telling him how useless he was. His mother stopped looking at him. His best friend bullies him. He had no one who cares about him or so he thought.

"Thank you for saving me, you are a great hero, I won't do this again. I promise! Can you unbind the scarf now?"

He chose his words carefully and gave the sleep-deprived hero the brightest fake smile he could offer.

"I am really fine! You can now go and continue your hero work."

"You don't look fine!"
....

This is a suicidal Deku story combined with Dadzawa.

A/N:
Be warned mention of suicidal thought and attempts as well as cutting. I do not make any waning beforehand in the story so consider yourself warned. 

This is a mha fanstory and I have no idea where this is gonna go ... hope you enjoy! Please also feel free to correct my bad writing.

I was inspired by an Ao3 story I read, I wish I could remember the title of it, but I don't I am sorry.

Rights on the pictures go to the artist.
I do not own mha, rights to the owner.

Highest Ranking:
07.03.21          1        in      Suicid
07.03.21          5        in      Suicidalizuku
26.03.21          1       in      depressedizuku
26.03.21          1       in      abusedizuku
26.03.21          3       in      suicidaldeku
26.03.21          2       in      dadzu
30.03.21          2       in      izukumidoriya
WpPart
28 parts
Complete
Quirk more like a Curse!
Izuku Midoriya had everything a little boy can ask for in life until a tragic event changed everything. He lost his mother, his father, his home and even hope. Left without anyone to trust or turn to, this precious green bean now struggles every day to find a reason to go on. 

Will someone save this the boy everyone forgot about?

Life is weird and can't be explained. It can be hard at some times too. Izuku knew that life hated him and he was getting sick and tired of it.... BUT... What if life didn't hate the boy and would do anything to help him find his will to live? 

Will he discover the secret behind his quirk?

Will he gain a new family?

More importantly will he find the warm feeling of love and being accepted? 

Will his desperately search for it finally end?

A/N:
This is a mha fanstory and I have no idea where this is gonna go ... hope you enjoy! Please also feel free to correct my bad writing.

Rights on the pictures go to the artist.
I do not own mha, rights to the owner.
WpPart
26 parts
Complete
Love comes in many forms bkdk bakudeku ktdk
Katsuki Bakugou found the love of his life in the one that annoyed him, made him stronger, and believed in him even when he did wrong. Got him to understand his wrongs and made him prove how much he loved Izuku Midoriya. He even asked his nerd to marry him at the age of 23. Izuku #1 hero. Who was marrying his favorite pain in the ass boyfriend. That terrible night, when Katsuki watched and lost the most important person in his life, Izuku. Katsuki tries to move on and starts dating again after a year with friends pushing it. Katsuki has been dating person after person, but none of them comes close to being his Deku. He is unaware that he's actually been dating the same person over and over. A shapeshifter, who has fallen for Katsuki and is certain that they're going to get it right each time. Izuku, after he saved the world, may have lost his life, but was given a new body that can shapeshift to and start his life over with as a gift. But he can't return as Izuku Midoriya, he is unable to be that person that is no longer alive and can't tell anyone. Trying to get Katsuki to love him again is hard. Will he get Katsuki to love him again in a new body? repost one-shot
WpPart
1 part
Complete
My Quirk wants me dead
What if a person is so unlucky that things continue happening and getting worse and worse.... you may be asking what things right now, right?

We are talking about:
- randomly getting shot
- Bricks falling from a newly build building
- nearly getting killed by a car without a person inside on the pedestrian walk.
- food poisoning
.
.
.

Anything that might harm and kill you.... 

If this isn#t a bad joke then what is?

Now here is the thing.... Izuku is experiencing all this on a daily basis and it is just about to get worse..... never did life want to kill this kid so bad than now..... If it ain't a quirk what then?

A/N:
This is a mha fanstory hope you enjoy! Please also feel free to correct my bad writing.

Rights on the pictures go to the artis