Gourmet Goddess (Toriko!Various X Reader) - OtakuGirlInAnimeland - Wattpad
Gourmet Goddess (Toriko!Various X Reader)
OtakuGirlInAnimeland
WpView
Reads 88,402
88,402
88.4K
WpVote
Votes 2,068
2,068
2K
WpPart
Parts 32
32
32 parts
Start reading
WpAdd
WpMetadataRead
Ongoing
•
8h 37m
WpMetadataNotice
Last published Sun, Jul 26, 2020
Tags
action
anime
coco
food
komatsu
It is said that a young girl was born into the world with an insurmountable gift. One that could shape the very premise of the culinary and gourmet. The Gourmet Goddess. Gourmet Hunter, Chef, Food-Lover and Adventurer all rolled into an eyecatching package. Follow this young girl, now young woman, on her journey through the Gourmet Age, as she catches the eyes of the Four Heavenly Kings and plenty of other vying for her heart or those who would plan to take her by force. But she's no pushover, when it comes to fighting for herself and for her friends. Who will win her heart in the end?
All Rights Reserved
Read more
#29
variousxreader
WpChevronRight
Join the largest storytelling community
Get personalized story recommendations, save your favourites to your library, and comment and vote to grow your community.
Sign up
You may also like
Sugar Rush
Saya is a desolate girl trying to make ends meet to survive. 

Giving up on going to school and holding on to memories of her mom, she owns a popular bakery business and enjoys baking, but little did she know that her business would attract a certain sweet tooth and blossom into something more than a normal customer-owner relationship and so much more.


PLAGIARISM WILL NOT BE TOLERATED. ANY VERSION OF THIS I SEE PLAGIARIZED WITHOUT MY PERMISSION/CONSENT WILL BE REPORTED AND ASKED TO BE DELETED. FAILURE TO COMPLY AND MEASURES WILL ESCALATE. YOU WILL BE HELD ACCOUNTABLE FOR PLAGIARIZED MATERIAL.
WpPart
27 parts
𝖆𝖓𝖌𝖊𝖑𝖎𝖈 [DISCONTINUED]
[DISCONTINUED UNTIL FURTHER NOTICE, MANY AND I MEAN MANY GRAMMAR ERRORS]
If demons exist, why wouldn't heavenly creatures? 
 .                .               .                      .                     .

When a certain family who is known for their 'unworldly' kindness are noticed by the heavens. Rewarded with godly-like abilities, the family has no such thoughts on using for evil acts. Until the demon king decides to act. A young boy who comes from the same family, Tanjiro Kamado, will change the world drastically. Follow him on his journey to defeat the demon king and bring justice to those who fell victim!
---


I will no longer be working on this fic for the time being, due to lack of motivation and school work. I will most likely rewrite or just delete this soon. I am currently working on other works that have yet to be published. Sorry to disappoint if you were interested!

 
 

Will contain Manga spoilers, so beware anime watchers.
Chapters with manga spoilers or Flashbacks with manga spoilers will have a warning beside it.
Here is what the warning looks like: ⌘



This is my first story/Fan-fic.
I don't own Demon slayer/Kimetsu no Yaiba. It belongs to Koyoharu Gotouge and its rightful owners.
WpPart
12 parts
Complete
Haikyuu!! Oneshots (Haikyuu X Reader)
[[COMPLETED]]

These stories were created since 2016, so expect the first half of the chapters to be odd. The quality gets better I swear.

I hope you enjoy these stories! (If the stories are similar to others, they are by coincidence). 

❗All (Y/n)s will be considered female unless stated otherwise.

❗NO LEMON/INCEST

-----
Credits:
Haikyuu!! - Haruichi Furudate
Art in Media - Rightful owners
Plot - me :) (like 95% cause sometimes the requester give me a plot yknow)
-----

※ will update when free/not lazy/bored/when I have ideas ※
WpPart
100 parts
Complete
Melody of the Holoverse
"I stood before the great serpent, my heart quivering with platinum as she whispered my destiny."

In the outskirts of Eridios, Violet Newcastle lives her peaceful life, helping her grandfather with the farm as she simply wonders what she'll be having for dinner.

But one night, a cold reality hits her, and after a grueling chain of events does she find herself face to face with Gawr Gura--one of the four lost Guardians of the land. Immediately, Gura senses potential in the girl, and she entrusts to Violet a seemingly impossible task: Cure the other Guardians of their Authority. Should she fail, the world as they know it will erase from existence.

Follow Violet as she marches through this journey, befriending one-of-a-kind companions and facing off against formidable foes. Along the way, she'll teeter on the edge of her two paths: remain a helpless, meager mortal, or ascend to heights beyond the stars.

Who knows? She may just have what it takes to bring down gods.

*I claim no ownership over any non-original characters presented. All rights belong to their respective creators/affiliations.*

Artwork by That1weridkid
WpPart
112 parts
Complete
Birth Of A New God Of Fiction (Volume 1)
After dying the typical Isekai death our young protagonist won an after death prize. Where he gets to explore fiction and develop his powers to become a god.

(I do not own or have any rights to my hero academia or any of its character.)


#1 lemons 19/10/2023
#1 minaxoc 19/10/2023
#1 gamer 20/10/2023
#1 dxd 20/10/2023
#1 system 21/10/2023
#1 jjk 21/10/2023
#1 minaashido 24/10/2023
#1 lewd 22/11/2023
#1 gamer 05/01/2024
#2 highschooldxd 25/10/2023
#2 minaashido 09/12/2023
#2 magicpowers 11/01/2024
WpPart
82 parts
Complete
Saiki and Teruhashi's Final School Year (A Saiki and Teruhashi Fanfiction)
THIS IS PART 2 OF MY SAIKI AND TERUHASHI FANFICTION

LINK TO PART 1
https://www.wattpad.com/story/322005886-a-mortal-god-accepts-the-perfect-girl%27s-love-a

Saiki Kusuo, a boy with psychic powers finally realized his love for the perfect girl, Teruhashi Kokomi. After being officially a couple, Saiki and Teruhashi decided to make their relationship public to the people around them, but that big news will take some time to be properly publicized. During all this, Saiki has a secret similar to one he had before, known to none, even to Teruhashi. This story is about Saiki Kusuo and Teruhashi Kokomi facing life together side by side right until school garduation, that felt further away than usual.

LINK TO PART 3:
https://www.wattpad.com/story/386088258-an-angel-and-god-under-one-roof-a-saiki-and
WpPart
33 parts
Complete
Gaia's Blessed(Coco x reader) [Toriko]
It has been said, that the Goddess Gaia would bestow her power to special people who can hear her voice: The Speakers. One young lady in particular, her name is Elena. She is the last of her kind on a mission to save the world. Along the way Elena learns that she has been chosen as the goddess's heir and is destined to become the bride of the Heavenly King: Coco!
WpPart
66 parts
Wishes in the Waves
"Oh my goodness, I'm so sorry! I should've watched where I was throwing, becuase you could've gotten seriously hurt!"

"...it's alright...but please, stay a while..."

╭────»»❀❀❀««────╮

Kanao Tsuyuri has always been a quiet mermaid. She was adopted by the mermaid queen and princess, Kanae and Shinobu Kocho. One day...meeting a certain someone will change her life.

Zenitsu Agatsuma was always the crybaby. He had befriended Kanao at a very young age, and people always think the worst of him and people thought he was the kind of merman who would never get anywhere in life. But they were wrong about him...because he would find his special someone as well.

╭────»»❀❀❀««────╮

I hope you enjoy this fanfic!
Just so you know, just because Kanao and Zenitsu are friends doesn't mean I ship them-

╭────»»❀❀❀««────╮

Highest rankings: #1 in tanjiroxkanao, #1 in mermaid
Start: I don't remember-
Finish: 3/1/2022

╭────»»❀❀❀««────╮

DISCLAIMER:

I do not own Demon Slayer, or any of the artwork/pictures that will be portrayed.
The characters don't exactly act canonly...but enjoy anyways.

Taking requests for a mermaid or human OC (now closed)

After rereading this after approximately eight months, I apologize for any cringe that I have induced to you, dear reader.
WpPart
30 parts
Complete
True Blue (Toriko Insert X OC)
Ao is known as the Gourmet Queen, she's a Bishokuya(gourmet hunter)on the same level as the Heavenly Kings, however when her father told her to pick one of them as her husband her world is thrown into chaos.
      
      (A/N: also about the cover, yeah i'm not the best with editing and all that, if you want to make me a cover by all means do)(A/N: and like comment all that good stuff also sorry for sucky grammar English isn't my first language)
WpPart
45 parts
Complete
WpChevronRight
WpChevronRight
WpChevronRight
WpChevronRight
Sugar Rush
WpMore
WpPart
27 parts
•
Ongoing
Saya is a desolate girl trying to make ends meet to survive. 

Giving up on going to school and holding on to memories of her mom, she owns a popular bakery business and enjoys baking, but little did she know that her business would attract a certain sweet tooth and blossom into something more than a normal customer-owner relationship and so much more.


PLAGIARISM WILL NOT BE TOLERATED. ANY VERSION OF THIS I SEE PLAGIARIZED WITHOUT MY PERMISSION/CONSENT WILL BE REPORTED AND ASKED TO BE DELETED. FAILURE TO COMPLY AND MEASURES WILL ESCALATE. YOU WILL BE HELD ACCOUNTABLE FOR PLAGIARIZED MATERIAL.
More details
WpActionLink
Content Guidelines
WpActionReport
Report this story
Advertisement