As a Chef: Transmigrated into a Book as a Villainess in Military - Eixabun - Wattpad
As a Chef: Transmigrated into a Book as a Villainess in Military
Eixabun
WpView
Reads 521,134
521,134
521K
WpVote
Votes 15,976
15,976
15.9K
WpPart
Parts 110
110
110 parts
Start reading
WpAdd
WpMetadataRead
Ongoing
•
18h 45m
WpMetadataNotice
Last published Sun, Jun 28, 2026
WpInfo
Fiction
•
Fantasy
•
Isekai and Reincarnation
•
Ancient Civilizations
•
Romance
Tags
ancientchina
ancientromance
ancienttimes
army
beautiful
When Jiang Yanyi, heiress to a traditional hotpot family, opened her eyes, she found herself transmigrated into an ancient romance novel as the villainous supporting character.

After framing the female lead, she was exiled to a border military camp, where she was treated as mere entertainment for the soldiers.

Touching the scar on her forehead left by the original character's attempt to escape, Jiang Yanyi quietly picked up a cooking ladle. As a minor character, she figured she had no need to follow the main plot.

The soldiers in the Western Zhou military camp all said that the new cook's skills were unparalleled.

The noodles she made could be eaten dry or, with a bit of hot water, became a delicious bowl of soup-essential for soldiers on the move!

Jiang Yanyi: "No, this is just instant noodles."

The tea she brewed had bubbles rising from it, a slightly sweet aftertaste, and even a hint of strong alcohol. Jiang Yanyi: "No, this is cola!"

The hotpot she prepared had a red broth with ingredients from the land, sea, and sky that could be thrown in to cook-its taste was divine!

Jiang Yanyi: "... This is really just a common hotpot from the modern world."

The fiancé who once broke off their engagement wanted to rekindle their relationship, but the famously ruthless King of Liaonan, Feng Shuo, threw his spear and declared, "Back off, this is my wife!"
All Rights Reserved
Read more
#5
general
WpChevronRight
Join the largest storytelling community
Get personalized story recommendations, save your favourites to your library, and comment and vote to grow your community.
Sign up
You may also like
Surviving the Apocalypse: Why Am I Surrounded By So Many Handsome Men?
[Hoarding + Zombies + Superpowers + Many Handsome Men + Not a Strong Female Lead]

In her past life, Luo Fu was killed by her roommate Mu Yao. After death, she unintentionally became bound to a system. After completing the mission, Luo Fu returned to the day the apocalypse broke out.

At the same time, she learned that she was actually the original female lead in a post-apocalyptic female supporting character's counterattack novel.

After Mu Yao, a transmigrator, arrived, she was completely reduced to the number one tool in the entire story. Her opportunities and luck were taken away, and she eventually died tragically in the apocalypse.

The space will be taken over by Mu Yao right from the start.

Love said: So you're the only one with a script?

Before the transmigrator arrived, Love activated the space first and obtained the number one survival artifact in the apocalypse!

In her previous life, the apocalypse struck suddenly, rendering Lovecare's 3 billion in funds worthless. In this life, however, she has the script in her hands and is making preparations in advance.

Three billion yuan in funds, maximizing market potential!

During the zombie apocalypse, while others struggled to find enough to eat, her personal space was filled with supplies, and she even started farming and animal husbandry.

Love said she couldn't finish it all, there was simply no way she could finish it all.

After her rebirth, Love's life became even more comfortable than before the apocalypse.

The only problem is... why are there more and more men surrounding her?

A mysterious and noble superpowered boss, a cold and aloof campus heartthrob, a mature and capable mixed-race captain...

No, it's the apocalypse, where would she get so many male confidants!
WpPart
50 parts
Socially Awkward Heroine: Forced to Glow Up
[A charming heroine who travels through a book, becomes a social system, becomes beautiful, and becomes socially anxious]

Su Baiyue is a person with severe social anxiety.

Unfortunately, she was tied to a system called Social Heartthrob.

If she fails to complete the system's tasks, she will be forced to become beautiful.

Then......

Beauty value +10, beauty value +10, beauty value +10...

When Su Baiyue had to show up, her captivating beauty completely reversed her originally miserable situation!

Originally, she was the real daughter who was despised and looked down upon, while the fake daughter Su Qingqing was the darling heroine of this world.

At the beginning, Su Qingqing had always been the darling sister of many rich young men in City A, and she looked down on Su Baiyue, the real daughter who was brought back.

But unexpectedly, as Su Baiyue became more beautiful day by day, she admitted that she began to panic! !

The powerful and lawless young masters in City A took the initiative to approach a woman for the first time. They used all kinds of tricks, fighting for each other, competing openly and secretly to get a little bit of Su Baiyue's favor, even if it was just a position of a friend.

To this, Su Baiyue only wanted to say:

"Please stay away from me!!!"

The heroine is a heartthrob, no CP!!

I don't love anyone, I seal my heart and lock my love!!

·Everyone is a villain! Scheming beauties are always around!

Finally, after chapter 20, a fantasy worldview is introduced, which is designed to make the heroine more Mary Sue, and the main theme is still the urban rich and powerful heartthrob!!!
WpPart
199 parts
The Poison Matriarch and Her Five Husbands
Synopsis:

She was just a brilliant modern doctor trying to survive in a ruthless ancient world. But a single act of healing accidentally tethered Lin Ruo to the most dangerous, broken men in the Chu Empire.

Now, she is the absolute matriarch of an impenetrable bamboo fortress, bound to four legendary outcasts: a fiercely devoted mountain hunter, a calculating royal mastermind, a stoic shadow assassin, and a battle-scarred supreme general. They gave up the world to hide in the mountains with her. But when a tyrannical Crown Princess threatens the last of the royal bloodline, the empire is about to learn a terrifying truth.

The only thing deadlier than an army commanded by four legendary warriors... is the poison-wielding, fiercely protective wife they will burn the world to protect.

War is coming to the capital. And a rebellious young prince is waiting in the wings, determined to make her family of five into a family of six.
WpPart
23 parts
Complete
Modern Chef Villainess Mother
Novel Rating:10/10 Cheng Huan woke up and had transmigrated as the villainess female supporting character in a novel.The female supporting character was very money-loving and used her own son as a chip to try and get into a prestigious family. Finally, the child died in an accident and the female supporting character also met her tragic fate.

Cheng Huan, who had been single her entire life, looked at the teary-eyed little boy next to her, let out a sigh of relief, and picked up the heavy burden of being a mother. As the days went on by, the legendary child's father showed up spontaneously!Cheng Huan: I really don't want to be the third wheel in your relationship!!The spontaneously-appeared male lead: ....but there is nobody else.
WpPart
51 parts
Famine Survival: Helping my family and became leader Stepmother Villainess
Novel Rating:10/10
#1 - space
#1 - travel
#1 - drama 

One moment, she was battling zombies in the apocalypse.

.

The next, she found herself transported to an ancient era, becoming the so-called wicked stepmother of two children in a poverty-stricken household. She initially thought the heavens had sent her here for a peaceful retirement, only to realize she was meant to endure countless trials instead.

.


Rebellions, famine, countless dangers-she fought her way through one crisis after another. Just as she finally arrived at a safe place, she was met with plagues and war. Fortunately, she had her golden finger (cheat ability), and none of these obstacles could truly stop her.
.
.

But can someone please explain why the long-dead father of these children suddenly came back to life? Not only was he alive and well, but he was also thriving in the capital. And to top it all off, he seemed to be... pampering her?



"Fleeing Famine + Strong Male & Female Leads + Sweet Romance + Dimensional Space + Farming + Hero" Apocalypse Overlord vs. God of War Prince
WpPart
189 parts
Chapter 48
Chapter 1
Bringing a Refrigerator to Ancient Times and Marrying the Sickly Prime Minister
[Travel through time and space] "Traveled to ancient times with a refrigerator and married a sickly prime minister" 
Author: Mu Qiaoqiao [Complete + Extra] Introduction: [Marry first, fall in love later + Cool story, the heroine is the real original owner+ Fierce Pets+ Space] 

MTL
UPDATE EVERYDAY

Introduction:


　　[Marriage first, love later + a refreshing story , the heroine is the real original owner] 

Wen Nuan Nuan recently discovered that her refrigerator had a problem, and the eaten food could be automatically replenished! Thinking she was going to be rich, Nuan Nuan did her best to fill the refrigerator to its fullest. As a result, the next day, she tragically transmigrated into a book . What's even worse is that she was wearing the same clothes as the original wife who ended up miserably! Wen Nuan Nuan was very anxious. Don't be afraid, don't panic, stay calm!

　　She has a refrigerator that automatically replenishes food, and can lead the extremely poor group of protagonists to live a well-fed, warm and cozy life. In the future, the powerful Prime Minister will have to let her go just for the sake of today's food and drink, right?

　　•••

　　Leng Xiao experienced family changes when he was young. His father died, his mother was sick, h